what's up everybody so i contacted
episode 13 is out and i got to say that
i loved this episode to me this was just
a beast episode filled with action
filled with intense moments it was just
simply said a darn good episode it
really was an awesome episode now in
this episode we finally see the end of
the battle of trust and you can say that
this is humanity's first victory against
the Titans but it feels bittersweet and
I'll explain later on now this whole
barrel at thrust in this episode a
capacitor I loved it because there were
some really awesome moments you see a
lot of soldiers slashing down a lot of
titans there were some epic scenes with
mikasa also that one scene with revolve
at the end of the fight that was just
beast now wanting know one thing that I
really loved in this fight was the whole
part with camaraderie one soldier
helping another soldier I for example
that as that seen with Jean when he was
trying to get out of a really difficult
situation you see his comrades helping
him risking their own lives to help him
and unfortunately there were some
casualties and I'll mention that a
little bit later now what I also like in
this fight or in this entire battle is
that like no one man can take glory for
this victory like you cannot say that it
was just because of and
it was just because of pixies plan it
was just because of me cos I it was just
because of ready value just cannot say
that this was a team effort like yes
Aaron can take a little bit more glory
than the others because if it wasn't for
him the plank wouldn't work at all but
still we cannot say it just because of
an image it just because of his ability
it just because of the soldiers it was a
team effort now after this fight now in
a lot of stories after a fight you're
going to see epic celebrations big-ass
piece everybody cheering like we have
one basically like everybody enjoying
the victory but in this series you know
you do not really see that you get this
battle or better this victory was
bittersweet it was sweet because we
finally won the humanity has finally won
a battle against the Titans that that's
an awesome thing that's a huge ass
morality booster but it's bitter because
then you have to deal with the
casualties of that fight you need to
find all of those bodies some of those
bodies are going to be your loved ones
your fellow comrades and then you have
to deal with that which was really well
shown like for example with Jean when he
found out that Marco has died his he saw
his body half of it was basically eaten
by a Titan and then here for him it's
hard to deal with that he he realized
that he has died saving him at first he
doesn't know how to react but later on
he comes to terms with that also there
was that one fucked-up scene with with
basically a Titan basically with Titan
vomit you see this like giant fucking
loogie full of human remains that was
just some disturbing shit in the manga
it was even more disturbing in the enemy
you see like a blaze of snot which
doesn't really show you the gruesomeness
of that shit of like Titan vomit so
basically you see people that weren't
digest the desam droves has shit also
there was a lot of gross moments are
there was a lot of moments where you see
people getting it by titans like this
this enemy it just shows you the
gruesomeness of war it shows you in my
new detail the gruesomeness of a war and
also as I said it doesn't show you the
epic celebration after a fight it shows
you what really really happens a lot of
people coming to terms with what
happened a lot of people some of them
are going to break down they what they
won't know how deal of it all of this it
shows you what what would really happen
after a fight that that's what i really
love i love the realism are now
obviously Titans I'm not real so the
realism
really go with that but it shows you how
people would react during a fight and
after a fight or a battle so that's one
thing that I really really love with
this series the realism like like real
human emotions how people would react
after a lot of these a lot of these
scenes like seeing a fellow comrade have
eaten how am I going to react to this
how am I going to cope with this what do
I need to do to keep on going now at the
end of the episode there was that scene
with an Indian a prison being all
chained up now to me putting him in the
chains it's a bit of it's a bit
redundant because like if he decides to
going to attack the phone those chains
are going to be for shit he's just going
to expand and just break the entire
building that to me that was just a bit
redundant but okay i can understand why
they did it they don't really trust him
at this point he did help them in Creole
II helped them in that fight but still
that they need to take some precautions
also what I really like is when he was
asked like what do you want to do after
this and then you see that that face
then that face you would say like a face
of pure vengeance you see Aaron and he
says I want to kill all the Titans i
were to annihilate all the times and i
love that shit because that's
determination that that's a goal like he
really wants to annihilate all the
titles also thanks to revolve he is
accepted into the recon corpse so things
are going to get really interesting now
judging from the preview of the next
episode it seems that it's going to be
like a you can say like a flashback
episode so I probably won't do a review
on it because I don't really do
like filler episodes or flashback
episodes because there's nothing to talk
in the in those episodes so let me know
where your thoughts about this episode
what are your thoughts about these
characters also let me know what are
your thoughts about this enemy so far
i'm going to say that this is a awesome
freaking enemy are really really awesome
enemy so all in all that is 0